[docs] Update mirroring docs regarding the new module filter in d8-cl… (#9186)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

     d8 mirror modules pull -d ./d8-modules -m $HOME/module_source.yml
     ```

     To download only a specific set of modules of specific versions, use the `--filter` flag followed by the list of required modules and their minimal required versions separated by the `;` character.

     For example:

     ```shell
     d8 mirror modules pull -d /tmp/d8-modules -m $HOME/module_source.yml \
       --filter='deckhouse-admin@1.3.3; sds-drbd@0.0.1'
     ```

>      The command above will download only the `deckhouse-admin` and `sds-drbd` modules. For `deckhouse-admin` all available versions starting from `1.3.3` will be downloaded, and for `sds-drbd`, respectively, starting from `0.0.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The command above will only pull the `deckhouse-admin` and `sds-drbd` modules. For `deckhouse-admin`, all available versions starting from `1.3.3` will be pulled; for `sds-drbd` — those starting from `0.0.1`.
```
